
Paige Adele Thompson
E-mail	erratic@devel.ws
Website	http://www.devel.ws
Google Talk/Jabber	erratic@devel.ws
Phone	206-890-9590
GitHub	http://github.com/paigeadele


Objective 
To obtain a part-time, or full-time job as a Software Engineer, where the following areas of expertise are relative to a need, or of interest. 

Education 
Bellevue Community College (2005-2006) Left prior to graduating for work @ Seattle Soft Inc.

Work Experience
May 2010
AltSci Concepts
Software Engineer	Developed a consumer of a somewhat popular web-based service API using PHP and oAuth-php. application also used the Google charts API.
December 2009-Present
The Branning Group
Telecommute
Software Engineer 
	Worked on a number of PHP / HTML / CSS / Javascript / MySQL projects/websites. 
Managed remote backups to my RAID-1 fileserver using Webdrive (a tool for mounting FTP/SFTP servers as a network drive in Windows) and Windows Backup. 
Worked with SQL using MySQL query browser, MySQL Administrator, and PHPMyAdmin. 
Worked with a number of content mangement systems such as Joomla, Wordpress, Zencart, OSCommerce, and a few from the ground up content management systems, including custom CSS themes / skins for 
these frameworks. 
Communicated with the development group using Base Camp. 

November 2009
Elpis Information Technology Services Inc.
Telecommute
Software Engineer 
	Developed a website for their client using PHP, Javascript, and parameterized queries using the MySQLi API in PHP. The site includes an image uploader which stores images as a BLOB in MySQL 
for products, a product manager and a user manager. The product manager can allow/disallow which users can select certain products. The site also features an additional web-based file uploader for 
clients to upload large PSD files. 
May 2009
AltSci Concepts
Seattle, Washington
Software Engineer 
	Assisted in the development of http://www.digg-diversity.com . An alternative to Digg which uses a custom algorithm written in Javascript for sorting Digg stories and for discounting Diggs by 
users who Digg stories way too frequently and often coordinated in groups to sway stories to the front page. 
Developed a Twilio App using PHP, MySQL, and the Twilio SDK. 

Dec 2008 . Feb 2009
Onvia Inc
Seattle, Washington
Junior Software Engineer 
	Worked on a data migration framework and migration job processor that was implemented as a WCF service. The import process involved migrating sets of data often by date ranges but not 
exclusively from an old database using a Linq-To-SQL class that was created from SQLmetal then adding them to a new database using it.s WCF Service.s client. The development of the migration 
framework also included a WPF-based management interface, a Windows Service Control for hosting the WCF service, an API for tracking job progress/error reporting/logging, and re-factoring/reusing 
code as well as import examples from a prototype importer code base. 
Worked with Onvia.s previous database often using T-SQL in order to find out how to properly import data (where it had not been imported properly previously using the prototype framework) to the new 
database and to address data bugs reported by their content team as well as work items from Team Foundation Server. 
Assisted in the development of Onvia.s new database service client which included an API for working with objects that were stored in the database, attributes that were stored in those objects, 
object and attribute comparison/updating, and test cases. 

Jan 2008-Dec 2008
Zion Preparatory Academy
Seattle Washington
IT Manager 
	Maintained a computer network for 100+ users including workstations, hardware and software, Active Directory, migration, maintenance and design. Exchange migration, maintenance, account 
creation, network maintenance/design, and end-user support. 
Migrated from Exchange 2007 to Google Apps Education Edition; accounts, mail, contacts, and desktop configuration. Desktop configurations made possible using Outlook plug-ins, and a alternative 
configuration using Thunderbird with plug-ins. 
Worked with two Microsoft Volume License agreements and VMware Server 1 and 2. 
Delivered a virtual machine image that provides a working configuration of LAMP, PostGRESQL 8.2 and Centre Student Information System. 
Provided some assistance in the development of their website built on WordPress. 

April 2007 . Present
Netcrave Communications / Devel.WS
Telecommute web hosting and development (My brand) 
	Originally providing site hosting for several clients using cPanel on NetworkRedux as well as website development and maintenance services. 
Broke even in less than a month with a reseller account. 
Hosted sites and services on a dedicated Gentoo Hardened server of my own as well as providing backups which are done remotely over an SSL encrypted VPN and stored offline here at home. 
Currently hosting entirely from home across 5+ virtual machines using VMWare server 2. The majority of the virtual machines are running OpenBSD. My LAMP stack and QMail servers are running on a 
FreeBSD virtual machine. My shell account server is configured to transparently route all traffic over the Tor network unless exception rules for specific users are provided in pf. I have 3 different 
SSL-VPN servers, and I have one virtual machine running OpenBSD that acts as a router/firewall for all of the virtual machines and as the VPN server. 

April 2006 . May 2006
Funzulu
Telecommute web development 
	Assisted in the development and maintenance of the social networking site called Funzulu using PHP, MySQL, PHPMyAdmin, and cPanel. 
Maintained regular backups for the site. 
Integrated stats tools for collecting stats on the site. 
Setup a Wiki for developers and phpprojekt. 

November 2005- February 2007
Seattle Soft Inc
Seattle Washington
Software Engineer 
	Developed an application called .Barcode Scanner. for the Palm(r)/Symbol(r) SPT 1846 that scanned bar codes, and queried against a PHP script / MySQL database and presented data that could be 
viewed and manipulated. The device used 802.11 and was written in C using Palm 4.s socket API. The application was developed using Metrowerks Codewarrior for Palm, as well as the Symbol SDK. 
Various administration, including backup scripts 
Migrated websites, mysql databases, and DNS from a Dream Host account to a dedicated server. 
Developed and delivered a user-based clock-in/clock-out management system in PHP and MySQL for one of their clients. 


Additional Skills

Applications	Office 2007, Dia, PuTTY, gVim, notepad++

Operating Systems	UNIX/Unix-like 
DragonFlyBSD, OpenBSD, FreeBSD, NetBSD, MINIX 

Windows 
XP, Vista Business/Enterprise, Server 2003/2008 

Linux 
Gentoo, SuSE, Debian, Ubuntu, Redhat 
Linux Kernel Level	GrSecurity, SELinux, PaX, Busybox, LUKS, LVM2, MD, IPSEC, IPTables 

Mobile Platforms	Windows Mobile, PalmOS 4/5, Android 

Internetworking	hping, scapy, traceroute, dig, whois, nmap, cidr, net, arp, ethereal, ettercap, Nessus, metasploit, tcpdump, netstat, symmetric-NAT, Source-NAT, DMZ, snort, VLAN Trunking, Port 
Trunking, Port, Grouping, spanning tree, SNMP 

Web-based / Software as a service	Google 
Apps for Domains, Apps API, Ajax/JSON API,, Windows Live Admin, Office Live for Small Business,

Other
GoDaddy DNS, EveryDNS, DynDNS, Xen, OpenVZ, PayPal, Amazon Web Services 
  

Languages	C#; for Visual Studio 2008 Professional Team Express Team Foundation Server, LINQ, SQL, XML, WCF, WPF, Eclipse/Java, Javascript, C, PHP, OO PHP, Python, Regexp, Microsoft SQL; T-SQL 
Management Studio, MySQL; MySQLi, Query Browser, Administrator, SQLite, XML, XSD, XHTML, XAML, SOAP, WSDL, CSS, JSON 

Frameworks/Misc	Symbol SPT SDK, NUnit/JUnit, SQLMetal, SvcUtil, xsd, Android, Django/Turbogears, Django, registration, Django_website, MVC Design, IPython, PEAR/PECL, simplejson, PHPMyAdmin, cpickle, 
Simpleton/Singleton/Manager patterns, language parsers/tokenizers, design by contract, data mining, fuzzing, buffer overflows, Agile/XP, SCRUM, Best Patterns and Practices, Microsoft Enterprise 
Library, Fiddler2, JQuery,

Content Management
Joomla, Wordpress, Zen Cart, OSCommerce, Social Engine 

Service Administration	Exchange 2003/2007, Active Directory, LDAP, Kerberos, MS-DNS, ISC Bind, Bind-DLZ, PowerDNS, OpenVPN, Apache, mod_python, mod_php, suhosin, mod_mono, mod_proxy, mod_security, 
mod_ssl, fastcgi, suid, OpenSSL CA, Windows CA, Asterisk, Subversion, CVS 


  



